Let's look at that business focus slide again,
the JDBC code that we had looked at earlier,
and show what it could look like by using the Spring Framework.
This was our code before with all of the getConnection,
DriverManager, prepareStatement stuff,
that huge finally block that essentially does
nothing but close connections for us.
And then let's see what that code could look like while utilizing Spring.
Now I will say that this one particular library in Spring,
not necessarily Spring core, that this is the Spring JDBC template code,
but it's the same concept that we're trying to drive in Spring.
Notice that nowhere in here has it mentioned a connection result set,
a prepared statement, a DriverManager.
It doesn't talk about closing any of that stuff off.
In fact, there's not even a try catch finally statement in here at all.
We have our find by and our return statement,
and this is using the EntityManager stuff in there,
but this example of a template method pattern is just being done for us.
This is one of those cases where Spring is using a template method pattern,
and we don't really have to know how or what it's doing behind the scenes.
Now this may scare some of you that there is this huge black box with Spring,
and I hope to alleviate those concerns for you throughout this course,
but look at how much smaller and more condensed this code is,
and it's really just doing what we want it to do.
There's no reason we should have to write what's on the left for every query we need to make inside of our application.